well howdy there I don't know people
it's bubble gown give me your tired your
poor your huddled masses yearning to
breathe free the wretched refuse of your
teeming Shore send these the homeless
the tempest-tossed to me I lift my lamp
beside the Golden Door
today in 1885 the Statute of Liberty
arrived in New York now this inscription
wasn't on it at the time that was added
later but the Statue of Liberty arrived
134 years ago and here we are
134 years later man that made a lot of
difference the president has said that
they're going to be millions of removal
so at least 2 million in 1 of
undocumented people to get to those
numbers you have to be going after
people that committed no other crime
other than crossing a line without a
permission slip and you're gonna have to
go to people's homes to do it ice
doesn't want to do this because they're
smart they're PR people have already
explained to them this is really bad
optics why because we're gonna see cell
phone footage the American people are
going to get to see what they've been
cheering on or turning a blind eye to
they're gonna see children crying as men
and masks carrying guns rip their family
apart literally and drag someone off to
never be seen again removal it's a
pretty clinical term for that isn't it
that's why they always prefer to do it
at job sites because you don't have that
you don't get to see it and when it's
done at a job site it's really easy to
cast them as some plague that's upon us
because you don't really see their
family they're not real people but now
we're going to and you're going to see
their homes and their family life as it
is destroyed because they didn't get a
permission slip
would you suggest this same punishment
for people who went into a movie without
a ticket or build something on their
property without a building permit now
it's because you think of them as lessor
you think of them as others these kids
if both parents are undocumented but
they were born here they're going to end
up Ward's of the state if they were
brought here when they were younger
they'll end up in one of those camps
where there are thousands of sexual
abuse complaints man real American hero
going door to door gnashing people and
it's funny because ice has already said
they can't really get millions they
don't they don't have the logistics for
that they're gonna need to practice
first before they can set a goal that
high and in it it cracks me up
on one level because the people that are
cheering this on the one thing they have
always feared is the government actually
developing the skill set to go door to
door and get something but but you're
gonna cheer it on when they practice
because well it's not you it's those
others those illegals they're not real
people right you're gonna see they're
real people you're gonna see it it's
gonna be on Facebook and Twitter and
YouTube I hope you're proud of
yourselves not just those people that
did it
but those people that condoned it
well they should have just followed the
law if that's really the only argument
you can come up with if you can't come
up with a moral argument to rip
someone's family apart completely
destroy them and their family and their
friends simply because they didn't get
papers well if that's the only argument
is that it's illegal then we need to
change the law amnesty I'll say it
nobody else will
amnesty you've been here three years you
haven't been convicted of a crime you
pass a background check here you go
happy birthday welcome to America let's
do it it's better than destroying the
lives of millions his word not mine
because they didn't get a permission
slip it's unreal
it is unreal now the only other thing I
want to point out is that apparently
they're going to pull people from HSI
Homeland Security Investigations to go
work removals HSI they go after human
traffickers real human traffickers
and now for political reasons they're
gonna be going after some guy who spends
his day swinging a hammer on a jobsite
we got our priorities mixed up we've got
our morality mixed up if the only
argument you have is that they're
illegal or something that stems from
them being illegal well you know they
don't pay taxes they do but that's
beside the point if that's your argument
you know what would stop that making
them legal let's just do it let's help
the tempest-tossed
the huddled masses those yearning to
breathe free all those things that give
you chills when they play that song what
this country is supposed to embody when
you look at that flag the idea of
freedom but apparently you don't even
have the freedom to just be here the
freest country in the world as long as
you have government permission anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night